## Benchmark Run - October 29, 2017

### BunnymarkV2

Attempts to draw as many sprites as possible using Sprite nodes.  It calls GetChildren() to iterate over a list of Sprites and sets their positions.  It also updates a Label's text once per frame.  This test aims to be a better emulation of real world api usage than the V1 tests.

| Language           | Bunnies Rendered |
|--------------------|------------------|
| GDScript (Release) | 12120            |
| C#/Mono            | 15620            |
| GDNative (Nim)     | 23900            |
| GDNative (C++)     | 29560            |

### BunnymarkV1 - DrawTexture

Attempts to draw as many sprites to the screen as possible by drawing textures directly with VisualServer.  This test focuses on compute / render performance and avoids making godot api calls.

| Language           | Bunnies Rendered |
|--------------------|------------------|
| GDScript (Release) | 13620            |
| C#/Mono            | 50100            |
| GDNative (Nim)     | 53700            |
| GDNative (C++)     | 58140            

### BunnymarkV1 - Sprites

Attempts to draw as many sprites to the screen as possible by adding Sprite nodes.  This test focuses on compute / render performance and avoids making godot api calls.

| Language           | Bunnies Rendered |
|--------------------|------------------|
| GDScript (Release) | 11540            |
| C#/Mono            | 19900            |
| GDNative (Nim)     | 28180            |
| GDNative (C++)     | 31360            |

### Hardware:

* CPU: Intel i7 7700k 4.2GHz
* GPU: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070
* RAM: 16GB DDR4

### Build Info:
* OS: Arch Linux
* Compiler: gcc 7.2.0
* Build Command: ```scons p=x11 target=release_debug tools=yes builtin_openssl=yes module_mono_enabled=yes -j4 -use_lto=yes```
* Godot Commit: [619e4eb23df037d152bf7776c5447d46293aadff](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/commit/619e4eb23df037d152bf7776c5447d46293aadff)

### Remarks

* The tests have changed since the first run so we shouldn't make direct comparisons to those numbers
* This is the first test with Nim implementations.  It is only a bit slower than the c++ tests but its much easier to use.  Very promising!
* The tests are now fully automated.  No more mindless clicking!
* The test harness is currently written in GDScript.  It does things like test loading, measuring, adding/removing bunnies, etc. This probably results in a marginal performance hit, but it should be consistent across all languages so I think thats fairer (and less work) than implementing it in each language.
* This run was the first to use the appropriate optimizations for each test.  Godot was built in release with link time optimization, no tools (except mono, which needs it afaik), mono was built without debug symbols and with optimizations, nim used -d:release and --opt:speed, c++ used -O3